“HTML google and stack Overflow” 

Exercise 1 : 

An HTML document : is a file containing hypertext markup language. HTML 
code is based on tags, or hidden keywords, which provide instructions for 
formatting the document. A tag starts with an angle bracket and the 'less 
than' sign: '<'. The tag ends with an angle bracket and the 'greater than' 
sign '>'.

 HTML different elements definitions link : 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a 

<!DOCTYPE>  : The declaration is not an HTML tag. It is an "information" 
to the browser about what document type to expect.

<html> : element represents the root (top-level element) of an HTML 
document, so it is also referred to as the root element. All other 
elements must be descendants of this element.

<head> : element contains machine-readable information (metadata) about 
the document, like its title, scripts, and style sheets.

<body> : element represents the content of an HTML document. There can be 
only one <body> element in a document.

Mistakes related to basic HTML structure: 
To understand why headers must be sent before output it's necessary to 
look at a typical HTTP response. PHP scripts mainly generate HTML content, 
but also pass a set of HTTP/CGI headers to the webserver:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8028957/how-to-fix-headers-already-sent-error-in-php/8028987#8028987


Exercise 2 : 

HTML elements : 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Heading_Elements

<1> headings : elements represent six levels of section headings. <h1> is 
the highest section level and <h6> is the lowest.

<p> paragraph : element represents a paragraph. Paragraphs are usually 
represented in visual media as blocks of text separated from adjacent 
blocks by blank lines and/or first-line indentation.

<links> : element specifies relationships between the current document and 
an external resource. 

Use semantic HTML : 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/74479435/correct-usage-of-html-semantic-elements


Exercise 3 : 

How to Create HTML Forms – Tutorial with Examples :
https://www.shiksha.com/online-courses/articles/html-forms-tutorial-with-examples/


form validation and challenges : 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67588462/form-validation-issues-javascript


Exercise 4 : 

why semantic html web accessibility is important : 
https://www.codecademy.com/resources/blog/semantic-html/#:~:text=Also%2C%20semantic%20HTML%20improves%20responsiveness,greatly%20benefits%20screen%20reader%20users.

proper html accessibility: 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/462767/what-are-the-best-practices-for-making-a-website-accessibility-friendly



Exercise 5 : 

Creating and styling HTML tables and example : 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Styling_tables

<table>
  <caption>
    A summary of the UK's most famous punk bands
  </caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th scope="col">Band</th>
      <th scope="col">Year formed</th>
      <th scope="col">No. of Albums</th>
      <th scope="col">Most famous song</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Buzzcocks</th>
      <td>1976</td>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>Ever fallen in love (with someone you shouldn't've)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">The Clash</th>
      <td>1976</td>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>London Calling</td>
    </tr>

    <!-- several other great bands -->

    <tr>
      <th scope="row">The Stranglers</th>
      <td>1974</td>
      <td>17</td>
      <td>No More Heroes</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row" colspan="2">Total albums</th>
      <td colspan="2">77</td>
    </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>


CSS techniques , visual design of HTML table :
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36937991/css-table-styling



HTML-GOOGLE-OVERFLOW
